Editorial Update to the Abstract (#173)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-msg-wrap: draft-ietf-rats-msg-wrap.md

--- abstract

> This document defines a conceptual message wrapper (CMW) format - an encapsulation method applicable to any conceptual message, such as Evidence, Attestation Results, Endorsements, and Reference Values. It also describes a collection type that aggregates one or more CMWs into a single message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document defines a conceptual message wrapper (CMW) format - an encapsulation method applicable to any conceptual message, such as Evidence, Attestation Results, Endorsements, and Reference Values. It also describes a collection type that envelopes one or more CMWs into a single aggreated message.
```

Reviewer 2: done in [f7b2005](https://github.com/ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-msg-wrap/pull/173/commits/f7b2005c0d6e6bd33291cde5af89fbab3a232d1f)

> This document defines a conceptual message wrapper (CMW) format - an encapsulation method applicable to any conceptual message, such as Evidence, Attestation Results, Endorsements, and Reference Values. It also describes a collection type that aggregates one or more CMWs into a single message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document defines a conceptual message wrapper (CMW) format - an encapsulation method applicable to any RATS conceptual message, such as Evidence, Attestation Results, Endorsements, and Reference Values. It also describes a collection type that aggregates one or more CMWs into a single message.
```

> In addition, the document specifies a corresponding CBOR tag, JSON Web Tokens (JWT) and CBOR Web Tokens (CWT) claims, and an X.509 extension. These mechanisms enable the embedding of wrapped conceptual messages into CBOR-based protocols, web APIs, and PKIX protocols. Moreover, a Media Type and a CoAP Content-Format are defined for transporting CMWs over HTTP, MIME, CoAP, and other Internet protocols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, this document specifies a corresponding CBOR tag, JSON Web Tokens (JWT) and CBOR Web Tokens (CWT) claims, and an X.509 extension. These mechanisms enable the embedding of enveloped conceptual messages into CBOR-based protocols, web APIs, and PKIX protocols. Moreover, a Media Type and a CoAP Content-Format are defined for transporting CMWs over HTTP, MIME, CoAP, and other Internet protocols.
```

"wrapping" can be misinterpreted as encryption.
